Question #0
What is the expansion of TCP?
Transmission Control Protocol

Question #1
Which of the following layers in the TCP/IP protocol stack are considered end-to-end layers (also known as host to host layers)?
TCP and UDP

Question #2
Which of the following options are characteristics of the TCP layer?
Connection-Oriented
Reliable
Full Duplex

Question #3
Which fields in the TCP packet header identify the upper layer applications (processes)?
Source and Destination Port Numbers

Question #4
Which of the following are not reliability mechanisms used by TCP?
The source and destination port numbers

Question #5
Which protocols use UDP Port?
DHCP
TFTP

Question #6
The three-way handshake is used by which protocol(s)?
TCP

Question #7
Which of the following statements are characteristics of the UDP layer?
Connectionless
Unreliable
Low overhead

Question #8
A server port of UDP or TCP 53 is typically associated with what service?
DNS

Question #9
How does a host that has sent TCP data know that the data was received?
A TCP acknowledgement is sent from the receiver

Question #10
Which of the following best describes TCP versus UDP?
TCP is slower, more reliable, and requires more overhead

Question #11
TCP typically begins a session with:
The three-way handshake of client to server with SYN set, the server response of SYN/ACK, and the client acknowledgement of ACK

Question #12
What is the purpose of the IP checksum?
To make sure that data in the IP header is not corrupted in transit

Question #13
What is a common use of DNS?
Resolution of a host name to an IP address

Question #14
One function of the TCP sequence number is:
To associate a chronological number with each TCP segment, allowing the receiver to properly reorder the individual segments of data

Question #15
The IP protocol field identifies:
The embedded protocol of the packet

Question #16
What does the Address Resolution Protocol (ARP) do?
Resolves a known IP address with a MAC address

Question #17
Which of the following best characterizes ICMP?
It is used to communicate error conditions

Question #18
A TCP flag of RESET indicates:
An intention to abort a TCP connection

Question #19
The Time to Live (TTL) field/value found in the IP header is used to:
Expire IP packets in transit when the TTL value becomes 0

Question #20
What is a typical response from a host that receives a UDP packet on a non-listening port?
An ICMP port unreachable message to the sender

Question #21
What is the function of a router?
It attempts to move the IP packet one hop closer to the destination

Question #22
What is the difference between packets and frames in the Transport Layer of the TCP/IP model?
Packets are logical units of data while frames are physical units of data.

Question #23
In which layer of the TCP/IP model are packets and frames used?
Network Layer and Link Layer

Question #24
What information does a packet header contain?
Source and destination IP addresses, protocol type, and checksum

Question #25
What is contained in a packet?
A header and a payload

Question #26
What information does a frame header contain?
Source and destination MAC addresses, frame type, and frame number

Question #27
What is contained in a frame?
A header, a payload, and a trailer

Question #28
To which layer does the Transport Layer send segmented packets?
Network Layer

Question #29
What techniques does the Transport Layer use to perform flow control, congestion control, and error recovery?
Acknowledgments, retransmissions, and windowing
